.nh
.TH OneX(1) onex User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
onex-apiserver - Launch a onex API server


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBonex-apiserver\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The OneX API server validates and configures data
for the api objects which include miners, minersets, configmaps, and
others. The API Server services REST operations and provides the frontend to the
onex's shared state through which all other components interact.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--admission-control-config-file\fP=""
	File with admission control configuration.

.PP
\fB--advertise-address\fP=
	The IP address on which to advertise the apiserver to members of the cluster. This address must be reachable by the rest of the cluster. If blank, the --bind-address will be used. If --bind-address is unspecified, the host's default interface will be used.

.PP
\fB--allow-metric-labels\fP=[]
	The map from metric-label to value allow-list of this label. The key's format is ,\&. The value's format is ,\&...e.g. metric1,label1='v1,v2,v3', metric1,label2='v1,v2,v3' metric2,label1='v1,v2,v3'.

.PP
\fB--allow-metric-labels-manifest\fP=""
	The path to the manifest file that contains the allow-list mapping. The format of the file is the same as the flag --allow-metric-labels. Note that the flag --allow-metric-labels will override the manifest file.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-batch-buffer-size\fP=10000
	The size of the buffer to store events before batching and writing. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-batch-max-size\fP=1
	The maximum size of a batch. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-batch-max-wait\fP=0s
	The amount of time to wait before force writing the batch that hadn't reached the max size. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-batch-throttle-burst\fP=0
	Maximum number of requests sent at the same moment if ThrottleQPS was not utilized before. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-batch-throttle-enable\fP=false
	Whether batching throttling is enabled. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-batch-throttle-qps\fP=0
	Maximum average number of batches per second. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-compress\fP=false
	If set, the rotated log files will be compressed using gzip.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-format\fP="json"
	Format of saved audits. "legacy" indicates 1-line text format for each event. "json" indicates structured json format. Known formats are legacy,json.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-maxage\fP=0
	The maximum number of days to retain old audit log files based on the timestamp encoded in their filename.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-maxbackup\fP=0
	The maximum number of old audit log files to retain. Setting a value of 0 will mean there's no restriction on the number of files.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-maxsize\fP=0
	The maximum size in megabytes of the audit log file before it gets rotated.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-mode\fP="blocking"
	Strategy for sending audit events. Blocking indicates sending events should block server responses. Batch causes the backend to buffer and write events asynchronously. Known modes are batch,blocking,blocking-strict.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-path\fP=""
	If set, all requests coming to the apiserver will be logged to this file.  '-' means standard out.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-truncate-enabled\fP=false
	Whether event and batch truncating is enabled.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-truncate-max-batch-size\fP=10485760
	Maximum size of the batch sent to the underlying backend. Actual serialized size can be several hundreds of bytes greater. If a batch exceeds this limit, it is split into several batches of smaller size.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-truncate-max-event-size\fP=102400
	Maximum size of the audit event sent to the underlying backend. If the size of an event is greater than this number, first request and response are removed, and if this doesn't reduce the size enough, event is discarded.

.PP
\fB--audit-log-version\fP="audit.k8s.io/v1"
	API group and version used for serializing audit events written to log.

.PP
\fB--audit-policy-file\fP=""
	Path to the file that defines the audit policy configuration.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-batch-buffer-size\fP=10000
	The size of the buffer to store events before batching and writing. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-batch-initial-backoff\fP=10s
	The amount of time to wait before retrying the first failed request.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-batch-max-size\fP=400
	The maximum size of a batch. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-batch-max-wait\fP=30s
	The amount of time to wait before force writing the batch that hadn't reached the max size. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-batch-throttle-burst\fP=15
	Maximum number of requests sent at the same moment if ThrottleQPS was not utilized before. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-batch-throttle-enable\fP=true
	Whether batching throttling is enabled. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-batch-throttle-qps\fP=10
	Maximum average number of batches per second. Only used in batch mode.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-config-file\fP=""
	Path to a kubeconfig formatted file that defines the audit webhook configuration.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-initial-backoff\fP=10s
	The amount of time to wait before retrying the first failed request.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-mode\fP="batch"
	Strategy for sending audit events. Blocking indicates sending events should block server responses. Batch causes the backend to buffer and write events asynchronously. Known modes are batch,blocking,blocking-strict.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-truncate-enabled\fP=false
	Whether event and batch truncating is enabled.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-truncate-max-batch-size\fP=10485760
	Maximum size of the batch sent to the underlying backend. Actual serialized size can be several hundreds of bytes greater. If a batch exceeds this limit, it is split into several batches of smaller size.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-truncate-max-event-size\fP=102400
	Maximum size of the audit event sent to the underlying backend. If the size of an event is greater than this number, first request and response are removed, and if this doesn't reduce the size enough, event is discarded.

.PP
\fB--audit-webhook-version\fP="audit.k8s.io/v1"
	API group and version used for serializing audit events written to webhook.

.PP
\fB--authentication-kubeconfig\fP=""
	kubeconfig file pointing at the 'core' kubernetes server with enough rights to create tokenreviews.authentication.k8s.io.

.PP
\fB--authentication-skip-lookup\fP=false
	If false, the authentication-kubeconfig will be used to lookup missing authentication configuration from the cluster.

.PP
\fB--authentication-token-webhook-cache-ttl\fP=10s
	The duration to cache responses from the webhook token authenticator.

.PP
\fB--authentication-tolerate-lookup-failure\fP=false
	If true, failures to look up missing authentication configuration from the cluster are not considered fatal. Note that this can result in authentication that treats all requests as anonymous.

.PP
\fB--bind-address\fP=0.0.0.0
	The IP address on which to listen for the --secure-port port. The associated interface(s) must be reachable by the rest of the cluster, and by CLI/web clients. If blank or an unspecified address (0.0.0.0 or ::), all interfaces and IP address families will be used.

.PP
\fB--cert-dir\fP="_output/certificates"
	The directory where the TLS certs are located. If --tls-cert-file and --tls-private-key-file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB--client-ca-file\fP=""
	If set, any request presenting a client certificate signed by one of the authorities in the client-ca-file is authenticated with an identity corresponding to the CommonName of the client certificate.

.PP
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config\fP=""
	Read configuration from specified \fB\fCFILE\fR, support JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, or Java properties formats.

.PP
\fB--contention-profiling\fP=false
	Enable block profiling, if profiling is enabled

.PP
\fB--cors-allowed-origins\fP=[]
	List of allowed origins for CORS, comma separated. An allowed origin can be a regular expression to support subdomain matching. If this list is empty CORS will not be enabled. Please ensure each expression matches the entire hostname by anchoring to the start with '^' or including the '//' prefix, and by anchoring to the end with '$' or including the ':' port separator suffix. Examples of valid expressions are '//example\&.com(:|$)' and '^https://example\&.com(:|$)'

.PP
\fB--debug-socket-path\fP=""
	Use an unprotected (no authn/authz) unix-domain socket for profiling with the given path

.PP
\fB--default-watch-cache-size\fP=100
	Default watch cache size. If zero, watch cache will be disabled for resources that do not have a default watch size set.

.PP
\fB--delete-collection-workers\fP=1
	Number of workers spawned for DeleteCollection call. These are used to speed up namespace cleanup.

.PP
\fB--disable-admission-plugins\fP=[]
	admission plugins that should be disabled although they are in the default enabled plugins list (NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceLifecycle). Comma-delimited list of admission plugins: AlwaysAdmit, AlwaysDeny, NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceExists, NamespaceLifecycle. The order of plugins in this flag does not matter.

.PP
\fB--disabled-metrics\fP=[]
	This flag provides an escape hatch for misbehaving metrics. You must provide the fully qualified metric name in order to disable it. Disclaimer: disabling metrics is higher in precedence than showing hidden metrics.

.PP
\fB--egress-selector-config-file\fP=""
	File with apiserver egress selector configuration.

.PP
\fB--enable-admission-plugins\fP=[]
	admission plugins that should be enabled in addition to default enabled ones (NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceLifecycle). Comma-delimited list of admission plugins: AlwaysAdmit, AlwaysDeny, NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceExists, NamespaceLifecycle. The order of plugins in this flag does not matter.

.PP
\fB--enable-garbage-collector\fP=true
	Enables the generic garbage collector. MUST be synced with the corresponding flag of the kube-controller-manager.

.PP
\fB--enable-logs-handler\fP=true
	If true, install a /logs handler for the apiserver logs.

.PP
\fB--enable-priority-and-fairness\fP=true
	If true, replace the max-in-flight handler with an enhanced one that queues and dispatches with priority and fairness

.PP
\fB--encryption-provider-config\fP=""
	The file containing configuration for encryption providers to be used for storing secrets in etcd

.PP
\fB--encryption-provider-config-automatic-reload\fP=false
	Determines if the file set by --encryption-provider-config should be automatically reloaded if the disk contents change. Setting this to true disables the ability to uniquely identify distinct KMS plugins via the API server healthz endpoints.

.PP
\fB--etcd-cafile\fP=""
	SSL Certificate Authority file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB--etcd-certfile\fP=""
	SSL certification file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB--etcd-compaction-interval\fP=5m0s
	The interval of compaction requests. If 0, the compaction request from apiserver is disabled.

.PP
\fB--etcd-count-metric-poll-period\fP=1m0s
	Frequency of polling etcd for number of resources per type. 0 disables the metric collection.

.PP
\fB--etcd-db-metric-poll-interval\fP=30s
	The interval of requests to poll etcd and update metric. 0 disables the metric collection

.PP
\fB--etcd-healthcheck-timeout\fP=2s
	The timeout to use when checking etcd health.

.PP
\fB--etcd-keyfile\fP=""
	SSL key file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB--etcd-prefix\fP="/registry/onex.io"
	The prefix to prepend to all resource paths in etcd.

.PP
\fB--etcd-readycheck-timeout\fP=2s
	The timeout to use when checking etcd readiness

.PP
\fB--etcd-servers\fP=[]
	List of etcd servers to connect with (scheme://ip:port), comma separated.

.PP
\fB--etcd-servers-overrides\fP=[]
	Per-resource etcd servers overrides, comma separated. The individual override format: group/resource#servers, where servers are URLs, semicolon separated. Note that this applies only to resources compiled into this server binary.

.PP
\fB--event-ttl\fP=1h0m0s
	Amount of time to retain events.

.PP
\fB--external-hostname\fP=""
	The hostname to use when generating externalized URLs for this master (e.g. Swagger API Docs or OpenID Discovery).

.PP
\fB--feature-gates\fP=
	A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIResponseCompression=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIServerIdentity=true|false (BETA - default=true)
APIServerTracing=true|false (BETA - default=true)
AdmissionWebhookMatchConditions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
AggregatedDiscoveryEndpoint=true|false (BETA - default=true)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
AllBeta=true|false (BETA - default=false)
AnyVolumeDataSource=true|false (BETA - default=true)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CPUManagerPolicyBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CPUManagerPolicyOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CRDValidationRatcheting=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CSIMigrationPortworx=true|false (BETA - default=false)
CSIVolumeHealth=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CloudControllerManagerWebhook=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CloudDualStackNodeIPs=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ClusterTrustBundle=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ClusterTrustBundleProjection=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ComponentSLIs=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ConsistentListFromCache=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ContainerCheckpoint=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ContextualLogging=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CronJobsScheduledAnnotation=true|false (BETA - default=true)
CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
CustomCPUCFSQuotaPeriod=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
DevicePluginCDIDevices=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DisableCloudProviders=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=true|false (BETA - default=true)
DisableNodeKubeProxyVersion=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
DynamicResourceAllocation=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ElasticIndexedJob=true|false (BETA - default=true)
EventedPLEG=true|false (BETA - default=false)
GracefulNodeShutdown=true|false (BETA - default=true)
GracefulNodeShutdownBasedOnPodPriority=true|false (BETA - default=true)
HPAContainerMetrics=true|false (BETA - default=true)
HPAScaleToZero=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
HonorPVReclaimPolicy=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ImageMaximumGCAge=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InPlacePodVerticalScaling=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAWSUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAzureDiskUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginAzureFileUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginGCEUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginOpenStackUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginPortworxUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
InTreePluginvSphereUnregister=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
JobBackoffLimitPerIndex=true|false (BETA - default=true)
JobPodFailurePolicy=true|false (BETA - default=true)
JobPodReplacementPolicy=true|false (BETA - default=true)
KubeProxyDrainingTerminatingNodes=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletCgroupDriverFromCRI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletInUserNamespace=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletPodResourcesDynamicResources=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletPodResourcesGet=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletSeparateDiskGC=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
KubeletTracing=true|false (BETA - default=true)
LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp=true|false (BETA - default=true)
LoadBalancerIPMode=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolationFSQuotaMonitoring=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LogarithmicScaleDown=true|false (BETA - default=true)
LoggingAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LoggingBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MatchLabelKeysInPodAffinity=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MatchLabelKeysInPodTopologySpread=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MaxUnavailableStatefulSet=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MemoryManager=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MemoryQoS=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
MinDomainsInPodTopologySpread=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MultiCIDRServiceAllocator=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NFTablesProxyMode=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NewVolumeManagerReconstruction=true|false (BETA - default=true)
NodeInclusionPolicyInPodTopologySpread=true|false (BETA - default=true)
NodeLogQuery=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
NodeSwap=true|false (BETA - default=false)
OpenAPIEnums=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PDBUnhealthyPodEvictionPolicy=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PersistentVolumeLastPhaseTransitionTime=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodAndContainerStatsFromCRI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
PodDeletionCost=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodDisruptionConditions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodHostIPs=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodIndexLabel=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodLifecycleSleepAction=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
PodReadyToStartContainersCondition=true|false (BETA - default=true)
PodSchedulingReadiness=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ProcMountType=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
QOSReserved=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (BETA - default=true)
RuntimeClassInImageCriApi=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
SELinuxMountReadWriteOncePod=true|false (BETA - default=true)
SchedulerQueueingHints=true|false (BETA - default=false)
SecurityContextDeny=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
SeparateTaintEvictionController=true|false (BETA - default=true)
ServiceAccountTokenJTI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ServiceAccountTokenNodeBinding=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ServiceAccountTokenNodeBindingValidation=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ServiceAccountTokenPodNodeInfo=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
SidecarContainers=true|false (BETA - default=true)
SizeMemoryBackedVolumes=true|false (BETA - default=true)
StableLoadBalancerNodeSet=true|false (BETA - default=true)
StatefulSetAutoDeletePVC=true|false (BETA - default=true)
StatefulSetStartOrdinal=true|false (BETA - default=true)
StorageVersionAPI=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
StorageVersionHash=true|false (BETA - default=true)
StructuredAuthenticationConfiguration=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
StructuredAuthorizationConfiguration=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
TopologyAwareHints=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TopologyManagerPolicyAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
TopologyManagerPolicyBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TopologyManagerPolicyOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
TranslateStreamCloseWebsocketRequests=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
UnauthenticatedHTTP2DOSMitigation=true|false (BETA - default=true)
UnknownVersionInteroperabilityProxy=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
UserNamespacesPodSecurityStandards=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
UserNamespacesSupport=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
ValidatingAdmissionPolicy=true|false (BETA - default=false)
VolumeAttributesClass=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
VolumeCapacityPriority=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
WatchList=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
WinDSR=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
WinOverlay=true|false (BETA - default=true)
WindowsHostNetwork=true|false (ALPHA - default=true)
ZeroLimitedNominalConcurrencyShares=true|false (BETA - default=false)

.PP
\fB--goaway-chance\fP=0
	To prevent HTTP/2 clients from getting stuck on a single apiserver, randomly close a connection (GOAWAY). The client's other in-flight requests won't be affected, and the client will reconnect, likely landing on a different apiserver after going through the load balancer again. This argument sets the fraction of requests that will be sent a GOAWAY. Clusters with single apiservers, or which don't use a load balancer, should NOT enable this. Min is 0 (off), Max is .02 (1/50 requests); .001 (1/1000) is a recommended starting point.

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP=false
	help for onex-apiserver

.PP
\fB--http2-max-streams-per-connection\fP=1000
	The limit that the server gives to clients for the maximum number of streams in an HTTP/2 connection. Zero means to use golang's default.

.PP
\fB--lease-reuse-duration-seconds\fP=60
	The time in seconds that each lease is reused. A lower value could avoid large number of objects reusing the same lease. Notice that a too small value may cause performance problems at storage layer.

.PP
\fB--livez-grace-period\fP=0s
	This option represents the maximum amount of time it should take for apiserver to complete its startup sequence and become live. From apiserver's start time to when this amount of time has elapsed, /livez will assume that unfinished post-start hooks will complete successfully and therefore return true.

.PP
\fB--log-flush-frequency\fP=5s
	Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB--logging-format\fP="text"
	Sets the log format. Permitted formats: "text".

.PP
\fB--max-mutating-requests-inflight\fP=200
	This and --max-requests-inflight are summed to determine the server's total concurrency limit (which must be positive) if --enable-priority-and-fairness is true. Otherwise, this flag limits the maximum number of mutating requests in flight, or a zero value disables the limit completely.

.PP
\fB--max-requests-inflight\fP=400
	This and --max-mutating-requests-inflight are summed to determine the server's total concurrency limit (which must be positive) if --enable-priority-and-fairness is true. Otherwise, this flag limits the maximum number of non-mutating requests in flight, or a zero value disables the limit completely.

.PP
\fB--min-request-timeout\fP=1800
	An optional field indicating the minimum number of seconds a handler must keep a request open before timing it out. Currently only honored by the watch request handler, which picks a randomized value above this number as the connection timeout, to spread out load.

.PP
\fB--permit-address-sharing\fP=false
	If true, SO_REUSEADDR will be used when binding the port. This allows binding to wildcard IPs like 0.0.0.0 and specific IPs in parallel, and it avoids waiting for the kernel to release sockets in TIME_WAIT state. [default=false]

.PP
\fB--permit-port-sharing\fP=false
	If true, SO_REUSEPORT will be used when binding the port, which allows more than one instance to bind on the same address and port. [default=false]

.PP
\fB--profiling\fP=true
	Enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/

.PP
\fB--request-timeout\fP=1m0s
	An optional field indicating the duration a handler must keep a request open before timing it out. This is the default request timeout for requests but may be overridden by flags such as --min-request-timeout for specific types of requests.

.PP
\fB--requestheader-allowed-names\fP=[]
	List of client certificate common names to allow to provide usernames in headers specified by --requestheader-username-headers. If empty, any client certificate validated by the authorities in --requestheader-client-ca-file is allowed.

.PP
\fB--requestheader-client-ca-file\fP=""
	Root certificate bundle to use to verify client certificates on incoming requests before trusting usernames in headers specified by --requestheader-username-headers. WARNING: generally do not depend on authorization being already done for incoming requests.

.PP
\fB--requestheader-extra-headers-prefix\fP=[x-remote-extra-]
	List of request header prefixes to inspect. X-Remote-Extra- is suggested.

.PP
\fB--requestheader-group-headers\fP=[x-remote-group]
	List of request headers to inspect for groups. X-Remote-Group is suggested.

.PP
\fB--requestheader-username-headers\fP=[x-remote-user]
	List of request headers to inspect for usernames. X-Remote-User is common.

.PP
\fB--secure-port\fP=443
	The port on which to serve HTTPS with authentication and authorization. If 0, don't serve HTTPS at all.

.PP
\fB--show-hidden-metrics-for-version\fP=""
	The previous version for which you want to show hidden metrics. Only the previous minor version is meaningful, other values will not be allowed. The format is \&., e.g.: '1.16'. The purpose of this format is make sure you have the opportunity to notice if the next release hides additional metrics, rather than being surprised when they are permanently removed in the release after that.

.PP
\fB--shutdown-delay-duration\fP=0s
	Time to delay the termination. During that time the server keeps serving requests normally. The endpoints /healthz and /livez will return success, but /readyz immediately returns failure. Graceful termination starts after this delay has elapsed. This can be used to allow load balancer to stop sending traffic to this server.

.PP
\fB--shutdown-send-retry-after\fP=false
	If true the HTTP Server will continue listening until all non long running request(s) in flight have been drained, during this window all incoming requests will be rejected with a status code 429 and a 'Retry-After' response header, in addition 'Connection: close' response header is set in order to tear down the TCP connection when idle.

.PP
\fB--shutdown-watch-termination-grace-period\fP=0s
	This option, if set, represents the maximum amount of grace period the apiserver will wait for active watch request(s) to drain during the graceful server shutdown window.

.PP
\fB--storage-backend\fP=""
	The storage backend for persistence. Options: 'etcd3' (default).

.PP
\fB--storage-media-type\fP="application/json"
	The media type to use to store objects in storage. Some resources or storage backends may only support a specific media type and will ignore this setting. Supported media types: [application/json, application/yaml, application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf]

.PP
\fB--strict-transport-security-directives\fP=[]
	List of directives for HSTS, comma separated. If this list is empty, then HSTS directives will not be added. Example: 'max-age=31536000,includeSubDomains,preload'

.PP
\fB--tls-cert-file\fP=""
	File containing the default x509 Certificate for HTTPS. (CA cert, if any, concatenated after server cert). If HTTPS serving is enabled, and --tls-cert-file and --tls-private-key-file are not provided, a self-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory specified by --cert-dir.

.PP
\fB--tls-cipher-suites\fP=[]
	Comma-separated list of cipher suites for the server. If omitted, the default Go cipher suites will be used.
Preferred values: TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA, TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA, TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305, TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256, TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA, TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256, TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA, TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384.
Insecure values: TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256, TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA, TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA, TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256, TLS_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA.

.PP
\fB--tls-min-version\fP=""
	Minimum TLS version supported. Possible values: VersionTLS10, VersionTLS11, VersionTLS12, VersionTLS13

.PP
\fB--tls-private-key-file\fP=""
	File containing the default x509 private key matching --tls-cert-file.

.PP
\fB--tls-sni-cert-key\fP=[]
	A pair of x509 certificate and private key file paths, optionally suffixed with a list of domain patterns which are fully qualified domain names, possibly with prefixed wildcard segments. The domain patterns also allow IP addresses, but IPs should only be used if the apiserver has visibility to the IP address requested by a client. If no domain patterns are provided, the names of the certificate are extracted. Non-wildcard matches trump over wildcard matches, explicit domain patterns trump over extracted names. For multiple key/certificate pairs, use the --tls-sni-cert-key multiple times. Examples: "example.crt,example.key" or "foo.crt,foo.key:*.foo.com,foo.com".

.PP
\fB--tracing-config-file\fP=""
	File with apiserver tracing configuration.

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging (only works for text log format)

.PP
\fB--watch-cache\fP=true
	Enable watch caching in the apiserver

.PP
\fB--watch-cache-sizes\fP=[]
	Watch cache size settings for some resources (pods, nodes, etc.), comma separated. The individual setting format: resource[.group]#size, where resource is lowercase plural (no version), group is omitted for resources of apiVersion v1 (the legacy core API) and included for others, and size is a number. This option is only meaningful for resources built into the apiserver, not ones defined by CRDs or aggregated from external servers, and is only consulted if the watch-cache is enabled. The only meaningful size setting to supply here is zero, which means to disable watch caching for the associated resource; all non-zero values are equivalent and mean to not disable watch caching for that resource


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the superproj source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
