.nh
.TH OneX(1) onex User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
onex-fakeserver - Launch a onex fake server


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBonex-fakeserver\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The fakeserver server is a standard, specification-compliant demo
example of the onex service.

.PP
Find more onex-fakeserver information at:
    https://github.com/superproj/onex/blob/master/docs/guide/en-US/cmd/onex-fakeserver.md


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config\fP=""
	Read configuration from specified \fB\fCFILE\fR, support JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, or Java properties formats.

.PP
\fB--db.database\fP="onex"
	Database name for the server to use.

.PP
\fB--db.host\fP="127.0.0.1:3306"
	MySQL service host address. If left blank, the following related mysql options will be ignored.

.PP
\fB--db.log-mode\fP=1
	Specify gorm log level.

.PP
\fB--db.max-connection-life-time\fP=10s
	Maximum connection life time allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--db.max-idle-connections\fP=100
	Maximum idle connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--db.max-open-connections\fP=100
	Maximum open connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--db.password\fP="onex(#)666"
	Password for access to mysql, should be used pair with password.

.PP
\fB--db.username\fP="onex"
	Username for access to mysql service.

.PP
\fB--fake-store\fP=false
	Used to indicate whether to use a simulated storage.

.PP
\fB--feature-gates\fP=
	A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
AllBeta=true|false (BETA - default=false)
ContextualLogging=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LoggingAlphaOptions=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)
LoggingBetaOptions=true|false (BETA - default=true)
MachinePool=true|false (ALPHA - default=false)

.PP
\fB--grpc.addr\fP="0.0.0.0:39090"
	Specify the gRPC server bind address and port.

.PP
\fB--grpc.network\fP="tcp"
	Specify the network for the gRPC server.

.PP
\fB--grpc.timeout\fP=30s
	Timeout for server connections.

.PP
\fB--http.addr\fP="0.0.0.0:38443"
	Specify the HTTP server bind address and port.

.PP
\fB--http.network\fP="tcp"
	Specify the network for the HTTP server.

.PP
\fB--http.timeout\fP=30s
	Timeout for server connections.

.PP
\fB--jaeger.env\fP="dev"
	Specify the deployment environment(dev/test/staging/prod).

.PP
\fB--jaeger.server\fP="http://127.0.0.1:14268/api/traces"
	Server is the url of the Jaeger server.

.PP
\fB--jaeger.service-name\fP=""
	Specify the service name for jaeger resource.

.PP
\fB--log.disable-caller\fP=false
	Disable output of caller information in the log.

.PP
\fB--log.disable-stacktrace\fP=false
	Disable the log to record a stack trace for all messages at or above panic level.

.PP
\fB--log.enable-color\fP=false
	Enable output ansi colors in plain format logs.

.PP
\fB--log.format\fP="console"
	Log output \fB\fCFORMAT\fR, support plain or json format.

.PP
\fB--log.level\fP="info"
	Minimum log output \fB\fCLEVEL\fR\&.

.PP
\fB--log.output-paths\fP=[stdout]
	Output paths of log.

.PP
\fB--metrics.allow-metric-labels\fP=[]
	The map from metric-label to value allow-list of this label. The key's format is ,\&. The value's format is ,\&...e.g. metric1,label1='v1,v2,v3', metric1,label2='v1,v2,v3' metric2,label1='v1,v2,v3'.

.PP
\fB--metrics.disabled-metrics\fP=[]
	This flag provides an escape hatch for misbehaving metrics. You must provide the fully qualified metric name in order to disable it. Disclaimer: disabling metrics is higher in precedence than showing hidden metrics.

.PP
\fB--metrics.show-hidden-metrics-for-version\fP=""
	The previous version for which you want to show hidden metrics. Only the previous minor version is meaningful, other values will not be allowed. The format is \&., e.g.: '1.16'. The purpose of this format is make sure you have the opportunity to notice if the next release hides additional metrics, rather than being surprised when they are permanently removed in the release after that.

.PP
\fB--tls.ca-cert\fP=""
	Path to ca cert for connecting to the server.

.PP
\fB--tls.cert\fP=""
	Path to cert file for connecting to the server.

.PP
\fB--tls.insecure-skip-verify\fP=false
	Controls whether a client verifies the server's certificate chain and host name.

.PP
\fB--tls.key\fP=""
	Path to key file for connecting to the server.

.PP
\fB--tls.use-tls\fP=false
	Use tls transport to connect the server.

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the superproj source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
