.nh
.TH OneX(1) onex User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
onexctl color - Print colors supported by the current terminal


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBonexctl color\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Print the colors supported by the current terminal.

.PP
Color lets you use colorized outputs in terms of ANSI Escape Codes in Go (Golang). It has support for Windows too! The API can be used in several ways, pick one that suits you.

.PP
Find more information at: https://github.com/fatih/color


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--example\fP=false
	Print code to show how to use color package.

.PP
\fB-t\fP, \fB--type\fP=[]
	Specify the color type, available types: \fB\fCfg,fg-hi,bg,bg-hi,base,all\fR\&.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB--alsologtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB--config\fP=""
	Path to the config file to use for CLI.

.PP
\fB--gateway.address\fP=""
	The address and port of the OneX API server

.PP
\fB--gateway.certificate-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB--gateway.insecure-skip-tls-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB--gateway.max-retries\fP=0
	Maximum number of retries.

.PP
\fB--gateway.retry-interval\fP=0s
	The interval time between each attempt.

.PP
\fB--gateway.timeout\fP=0s
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB--kubeconfig\fP=""
	Paths to a kubeconfig. Only required if out-of-cluster.

.PP
\fB--log-backtrace-at\fP=
	when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB--log-dir\fP=""
	If non-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB--log-link\fP=""
	If non-empty, add symbolic links in this directory to the log files

.PP
\fB--logbuflevel\fP=0
	Buffer log messages logged at this level or lower (-1 means don't buffer; 0 means buffer INFO only; ...). Has limited applicability on non-prod platforms.

.PP
\fB--logtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB--profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB--profile-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB--stderrthreshold\fP=2
	logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB--user.client-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB--user.client-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB--user.password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.secret-id\fP=""
	SecretID for JWT authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.secret-key\fP=""
	SecretKey for jwt authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--usercenter.address\fP=""
	The address and port of the OneX API server

.PP
\fB--usercenter.certificate-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB--usercenter.insecure-skip-tls-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB--usercenter.max-retries\fP=0
	Maximum number of retries.

.PP
\fB--usercenter.retry-interval\fP=0s
	The interval time between each attempt.

.PP
\fB--usercenter.timeout\fP=0s
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	log level for V logs

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging

.PP
\fB--warnings-as-errors\fP=false
	Treat warnings received from the server as errors and exit with a non-zero exit code


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Print supported foreground and background colors
  onexctl color
  
  # Print supported colors by type
  onexctl color -t fg-hi
  
  # Print all supported colors
  onexctl color -t all

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBonexctl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the superproj source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
