.nh
.TH OneX(1) onex User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
onex-minerset-controller -


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBonex-minerset-controller\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The minerset controller is a daemon that embeds
the core control loops. In applications of robotics and
automation, a control loop is a non-terminating loop that regulates the state of
the system. In OneX, a controller is a control loop that watches the shared
state of the minerset through the onex-apiserver and makes changes attempting to move the
current state towards the desired state.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--config\fP=""
	The path to the configuration file.

.PP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP=false
	help for onex-minerset-controller

.PP
\fB--kubeconfig\fP="/home/colin/.onex/config"
	Path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB--log-flush-frequency\fP=5s
	Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB--logging-format\fP="text"
	Sets the log format. Permitted formats: "text".

.PP
\fB--master\fP=""
	The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig).

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	number for the log level verbosity

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging (only works for text log format)

.PP
\fB--write-config-to\fP=""
	If set, write the default configuration values to this file and exit.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the superproj source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
